README.md, before:


# Midsemester Ex(j)am
- Theme: We Fly
- Made using Godot 3.5, and Paint.net.
- Play the latest build [here](https://bsu-cs315.github.io/Midsemester_exjam_waroberts/)


## Features and Controls
- The player will follow the mouse movement!
***


### Reflection


### Self-Assessment

- [X] D-1: The repository contains a <code>README.md</code> file in its top-level directory.
- [ ] D-2: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of M or less.
- [ ] C-1: Your repository is well-formed, in our course organization, with an appropriate <code>.gitignore</code> file, no unnecessary files tracked, and all commit messages following <a href="https://cbea.ms/git-commit/">our commit message style guide</a>.
- [ ] C-2: Your release is tagged using <a href="https://semver.org/">semantic versioning</a> where the major version is zero, the minor version is the iteration number, the patch version is incremented as usual for each change made to the minor version, and the release name matches the release tag.
- [ ] C-3: You have a clear legal right to use all incorporated assets, the licenses for all third-party assets are tracked in the <code>README.md</code> file, and you have satisfied all license requirements.
- [ ] C-4: The <code>README.md</code> contains instructions for how to play the game or such instructions are incorporated into the game.
- [ ] C-5: The game is stable and includes some gameplay.
- [ ] B-1: The project report is complete.
- [ ] B-2: The project runs with neither errors nor warnings.
- [ ] B-3: The source code and project structure comply with our adopted style guides.
- [ ] B-4: The game is playable with clear goals and end state.
- [ ] A-1: The game includes a complete traditional player experience loop&mdash;title, gameplay, and ending&mdash;and the player has the option to play again.

Commit message:

Replace tween node with in code solution

README.md, after:


# Midsemester Ex(j)am
- Theme: We Fly
- Made using Godot 3.5, and Paint.net.
- Play the latest build [here](https://bsu-cs315.github.io/Midsemester_exjam_waroberts/)


## Features and Controls
- The player will follow the mouse movement! Click to make the Airplane approach where you clicked on screen!
- Get to the end of the level!
***

## Third Pary Assets
- In code tween's inspired by [this tutorial](https://youtu.be/dPYRmzu0c

### Reflection


### Self-Assessment

- [X] D-1: The repository contains a <code>README.md</code> file in its top-level directory.
- [ ] D-2: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of M or less.
- [ ] C-1: Your repository is well-formed, in our course organization, with an appropriate <code>.gitignore</code> file, no unnecessary files tracked, and all commit messages following <a href="https://cbea.ms/git-commit/">our commit message style guide</a>.
- [ ] C-2: Your release is tagged using <a href="https://semver.org/">semantic versioning</a> where the major version is zero, the minor version is the iteration number, the patch version is incremented as usual for each change made to the minor version, and the release name matches the release tag.
- [ ] C-3: You have a clear legal right to use all incorporated assets, the licenses for all third-party assets are tracked in the <code>README.md</code> file, and you have satisfied all license requirements.
- [ ] C-4: The <code>README.md</code> contains instructions for how to play the game or such instructions are incorporated into the game.
- [ ] C-5: The game is stable and includes some gameplay.
- [ ] B-1: The project report is complete.
- [ ] B-2: The project runs with neither errors nor warnings.
- [ ] B-3: The source code and project structure comply with our adopted style guides.
- [ ] B-4: The game is playable with clear goals and end state.
- [ ] A-1: The game includes a complete traditional player experience loop&mdash;title, gameplay, and ending&mdash;and the player has the option to play again.
